[docs] Document new scroll actions (closes #6072) (#6086)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/scrollby.md

---
layout: docs
title: t.scrollBy Method
permalink: /documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/scrollby.html
---
# t.scrollBy Method

{% include actions/manual-scroll-warning.md %}

> Scrolls the `target` element by the given amount of pixels. If no `target` is specified, scrolls the document body. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scrolls the `target` element by the specified number of pixels. If no `target` is specified, the document body is scrolled. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.
```
